(Today's race will be held...)
(at Incheon International Airport Terminal 2.)
(It's a race before their penalty.)
- Hello. - Hi.
- Hi. - Good morning.
(Jong Kook is on his way back from the US.)
- Hi. - Hello.
(5 male members assemble without Jong Kook.)
Let's give it up for Seok Jin.
- Why? - Let's give it up for Seok Jin.
(He's nervous.)
He removed his mole and got his eyebrows done.
You did?
(Seok Jin got some treatment to improve his looks.)
- You did? - Don't his eyebrows look darker?
(His eyebrows do seem darker than before.)
Fine. I got my eyebrows tattooed.
- Seriously? - Yes, look at his eyebrows.
- Don't I look nice? - It look good.
- Don't they look natural? - They do. They look real.
- They do indeed. - But how did you know that?
They don't look natural at all. You're worse than Jae Seok.
- They don't look natural. - Hey, that was uncalled for.
Let's keep this on the low.
- He needs to get a touch-up next. - Did you want them to slant down?
- Just like this? - They're slanted downwards.
- This is a new style. - I was told they looked natural.
(They respect him for his drive.)
I don't know if you're aware of this.
We are at International Terminal 2 at Incheon International Airport.
This terminal will open next year in January.
- Really? - This is amazing!
- I'm so honored to come here. - This place looks really nice.
They're trying to raise the number of passengers they can accommodate.
- It's getting better. - It's improving.
- They can accommodate more. - This feels real now.
- But it's far... - It is.
- from International Terminal One. - That's true.
Going to the wrong one will be a huge problem.
- Passengers should come earlier. - Right. I advise leaving earlier.
If you want to use Terminal Two,
- leave early to have enough time. - Terminal Two is...
- really great. - Come to Korea. Welcome to Korea.
Sorry?
(Come to Korea. Welcome to Korea.)
Whom are you speaking to?
To the citizens of the world.
The world doesn't know who you are.
- I just... - Some people might be watching.
When I said, "Welcome to Korea," before, he scoffed at me.
(About 30 seconds ago)
(We are ready for more tourists. Welcome to Korea.)
(Scoffing)
(Welcome to Korea? That came out of nowhere.)
But he said the same thing while laughing at me.
- Right. - You heard him, didn't you?
- Actually... - First off,
we'll be playing Crisis of the Family, Race of Heirs.
You are the sons of Running Airline's affluent chairman.
- Nice. I should've dressed up. - Really? We are?
You'll be able to choose your ranks for your inheritance shortly.
The oldest must have the highest rank.
The one who survives the race with the highest rank will be the...
- final heir to receive inheritance. - Really?
And the rest of the members will face humiliating penalty.
There are prizes and penalties?
Yes.
(Eliminate other heirs of higher ranks while concealing their ranks.)
(How will these six sons' battle for inheritance end?)
- You'll pick your ranks now. - Our ranks?
Bring in the table, please.
A table? I guess they prepared something.
What are these? These are paper planes.
- What do we do? - You may each choose one.
(The number inside the paper plane is their rank.)
- My gosh. - No way.
You have the blue one.
(The ranks will determine their fates in the race.)
This is my rank.
(Tight security is the key.)
This isn't bad.
(They must figure out others' ranks to win without revealing theirs.)
- Jong Kook, this is yours. - Okay. What is this?
Make sure no one sees.
(The order of the ranks)
(Haha, Seok Jin, Jong Kook, Jae Seok, Kwang Soo, and Se Chan)
You all checked your ranks, right?
- Yes. - Yes.
Now, we are going to introduce...
six heiresses who will help you become the heir.
- Come on! Yes! - Great.
Welcome!
(The sons lighten up at the news of guests.)
(An elegant love song, "She", fills the airport.)
- This song... - You're playing a song for them?
Why are they trying to look fancy?
- Here they come. - Who are they?
- Is it Ji Hyo? - That's a maiden ghost!
(A maiden ghost?)
She looks like a maiden ghost.
- They startled me. - My goodness.
My gosh. Ji Hyo scared the wits out of me.
- You two look really scary. - My gosh.
(The male members are shocked. They dressed up as ghosts, right?)
They really look like ghosts.
Ji Hyo is Annabelle.
Annabelle and the virgin ghost.
So Min looks very scary.
Why does she look especially scary today?
They startled me.
- I am embarrassed. - Why do you say that?
We dressed up to play the heiresses.
That's a grandma necklace.
- They look like sisters. - I know.
- They look like sisters. - Okay. Pass.
(Haha suddenly cuts in.)
- Move. - Let's move along swiftly.
- Okay. - Thank you for your hard work.
- You look pretty. - Who is next?
You look pretty.
Let's move on to the next guest.
(This is the beginning.)
Who is that?
(The 6 sons eagerly wait for the 1st partner.)
This is the beginning.
(This elegant woman has the dignity of an heiress.)
- This is the beginning. - Here she comes.
Should I be excited about this?
Should I?
(A sophisticated woman with presence, Go Sung Hee)
- It's Go Sung Hee. - Go Sung Hee is here.
(Go Sung Hee is a rising actress who was in dramas...)
(such as "While You Were Sleeping" and "Miss Korea".)
(She visits the show to play an heir's partner today.)
She is a beauty.
- Seriously. - Today,
we have a lot of female guests.
- Let's call them over first. - Let's call them over.
Please come on out.
Se Jeong!
(The girl with fruit-like charms, Kim Se Jeong of Gugudan)
(She is the center of Gugudan, who is back with the first album.)
(Se Jeong captivates the hearts of the producers and advertisers.)
Se Jeong will join us.
- Let's call over our next guest. - Okay.
Please come on out.
- Why are you laughing? - I knew it.
- You are revealing yourself... - I knew it.
as a member of "Gag Concert".
- It's Ji Min. - Ji Min.
She dressed up.
Ji Min dressed up.
(Is she playing the president's wife today?)
(She looks luxurious.)
She is Tina, Ssan Tina.
Tina.
Let's meet the next guest. Please come on out.
(She is the last guest.)
Se Mi!
- Hello. - Hello.
(The youthful star of 2017, Lim Se Mi)
(Lim Se Mi is the rising star with a unique performance.)
- Please come here. - Okay.
With Se Mi,
we have six female guests.
(We welcome the 6 female partners.)
(He is excited about the couple race.)
Since they are here,
we will have a brief conversation with them.
- Let's keep it brief. - Since we don't have much time,
- we must keep it brief. - It can't be helped today.
Firstly, we have So Min,
who has joined Running Man for a while now.
- She is the queen of commercials. - She is in all commercials.
It began with gamjatang.
She is in a commercial for ice creams, too.
- She ate gamjatang and ice cream. - She is on her dessert.
(She starts with gamjatang and ends with ice cream.)
What kind of ice cream is it?
Cute and adorable
You don't have to do that.
So Min...
is wearing accessories that match her concept.
- Is this real? Is this gold? - Is it your mother's?
These came from scallops in the Pacific Ocean.
- Are those pearls real? - Scallops in the Pacific Ocean?
Pearls don't come from scallops.
Don't they?
When I came in...
Is this a sewing basket?
This one?
Isn't it bundled up tissue paper?
(Maybe someone crumpled it.)
Isn't it a swallow's nest?
- Isn't it a swallow's nest? - Seriously.
Let's stop. Since we don't have much time,
we need to wrap up the conversation.
Ask me more questions.
- Don't you have questions? - With So Min,
we started at gamjatang and ended at a swallow's nest.
(They move on without hesitation.)
Please take a step back.
- Ji Hyo. - Yes?
- Your purple outfit suits you. - Really?
Why are you wearing a choir uniform?
(This is the Race of Heirs.)
A choir uniform?
- This is an expensive dress. - I could tell...
that it's an expensive dress.
It looks a bit like a school uniform.
She is Annabelle.
- Why do you keep saying that? - Annabelle.
Ji Hyo,
you are full of anger today.
It seems that way.
She is a bit angry.
(They must watch out for Ji Hyo's anger.)
It has been a while since we heard Ji Hyo shouting.
She sometimes shouts.
These days,
I am having a healing time.
- Are you having a healing time? - Yes.
May I ask you why?
My schedule is not as busy anymore.
- That's right. - I am taking a break.
It has been a while since I heard her shout.
Both the staff and the members...
- congratulate... - We become nervous.
and fear her...
when she is in a drama.
She becomes sensitive.
(They congratulate and fear Ji Hyo when she is in a drama.)
- She becomes sensitive. - That's right.
I guess she isn't in a drama these days.
- Is the shoot over? - Yes, it is.
It's over!
(They welcome the peaceful period.)
(I can't believe them.)
- Let's throw a party. - Annabelle.
I won't be as angry today.
- Annabelle. - Now,
she isn't as sensitive.
(The actors can relate to her.)
You can't help but become sensitive when you are in a drama.
- That's right. - Okay.
We have heard enough from Ji Hyo.
- Please stand here. - Song Ji Hyo!
- Next! - Good, good.
It's time to begin the conversation in earnest.
Please welcome Se Mi.
(The third subject is Lim Se Mi.)
She is unique.
I heard that you are friends with So Min.
- That's right. - She is a junior from my school.
She is my senior.
(Their alma mater is Dongduk Women's University.)
- Really? - Did you see each other at school?
- Yes. - I started school at 2005.
- She started school at 2006. - Be honest with us.
How did the others see her?
Tell us honestly.
(What kind of a senior and student...)
(was So Min in her 20s?)
Don't you know she is chatty?
Of course, we know.
I thought she would say, "Don't you know she is crazy?"
Seriously.
- That's not what you wanted to say. - No.
Have you drunk with her?
No, I haven't.
- We did it once at a retreat. - That's right.
- Do you have stories? - Did she do something there?
We didn't play games, but received discipline.
(They remember it was customary back in the days.)
- So Min! - I didn't do it.
I didn't do it.
Have you received discipline from So Min?
No, I haven't.
- I see. - On TV,
she is exactly as how she used to be in school.
Back in school,
I never said anything directly.
I would tell my friend,
"This is what they did."
(The professional tattletale)
(I see that So Min was the cause of the discipline.)
What a wicked woman!
- That drives people crazy. - She plays dirty.
She plays dirty.
She drives people up the wall.
- Se Mi is here. - Se Mi!
(They finish the talk with Se Mi, who is reunited So Min.)
Next is Ji Min.
Ssan Tina.
- You dressed up the most. - You dressed up like Ssan Tina.
- Really? - These days,
you play a character named Ssan Tina on "Gag Concert".
Is there anything you would like to share?
She is fashionable.
- That's right. - She is interested in fashion.
Why are you wearing a rug?
(She gets to the point.)
- A rug? - Don't talk to me that way.
Then I will call it an ugly outfit.
(She corrects herself.)
An ugly outfit.
- A rug! - An ugly outfit.
- It looks cheap. - Yes.
Do you have anything else you want to say?
Why does he always wear this kind of outfits?
(She doesn't understand.)
What's wrong with my outfit?
- What's wrong with my outfit? - It's inappropriate for a shoot.
- Don't I look free-spirited? - He is the owner of a gym.
You have worked with Jong Kook on a program.
What do you think he is like?
I don't know why you are afraid of him.
- Really? - Why do you say that?
Is he soft in other programs?
He is insignificant.
- Really? - Insignificant?
- In which program is he like that? - Not many people think that way.
He doesn't complain even when I mistreat him.
He is the only member I mistreat.
- You mistreat Jong Kook. - Yes.
I am jealous of you.
You should unfold your arms.
Why?
It suits my outfit.
- You think it suits your outfit? - Yes.
- Would you unfold your arms? - Would it be better? All right.
(He listens to her.)
Jong Kook has changed.
- He is no match to Ji Min. - This is incredible.
(Ji Min's turn ends.)
The next guest is Go Sung Hee.
(The charismatic actress, Go Sung Hee)
(She played a beautiful prosecutor in "While You Were Sleeping".)
"While You Were Sleeping".
"Buy right away"?
What should I buy right away?
- What should I buy right away? - I said "While You Were Sleeping".
I am sorry. To be frank,
no one has watched...
all the episodes of "While You Were Sleeping".
- I am sorry. - They only watched a few episodes.
- I still know who she is. - That's right.
We still know who you are.
She was in "Miss Korea".
Really?
(She gave a charismatic performance in "Miss Korea" 4 years ago.)
(Talented actors made many people addicted to "Miss Korea".)
We still know who you are.
- She was in "Miss Korea". - Really?
Did she become Miss Korea?
(You mean the beauty pageant, right?)
That's the name of the drama.
Don't say anything.
What is wrong with you?
- It's a drama. - I am sorry.
I will work hard.
This is embarrassing.
- He doesn't know anything. - Seok Jin.
This isn't the worst thing Seok Jin has done.
I told you that he called Ariana Grande...
Griana Arande.
(Griana Arande)
- This is nothing. - You aren't Miss Korea.
All right.
How many years ago did you debut?
- About four years. - My goodness.
In four years, you appeared in different dramas.
How many years ago did you debut?
I debuted 12 years ago.
(The youngest member debuted 12 years.)
It has been many years.
- You were surprised, right? - Yes.
- When did you debut? - 23 years ago.
(Jong Kook is on his 23rd year.)
Kwang Soo, you debuted a while ago.
I debuted 10 years ago.
Are you my junior?
- Are you my junior? - He is.
- You should be polite to me. - He is my junior.
- I debuted 11 years ago. - Wait a minute.
He is my junior.
(It looks like Kwang Soo is the youngest member.)
You should have said hello to me.
I said hi.
You should have bowed to me.
- You should call him your senior. - That's right.
Please show some respect.
Seok Jin, aren't you my junior?
- Really? - You are my junior.
- That's right. - He is your immediate junior.
He is your immediate junior.
- You are my junior by a year. - I know that.
Treat your senior with respect.
It's embarrassing when you don't do that.
- The thing is, - Pay your respect.
he is my senior at work, but my junior at hometown.
- Work comes first. - Hometown doesn't matter.
Since when did you live in Suyu-ri?
(Hold on.)
- Me? - Yes.
(He's flustered.)
(Seok Jin is flustered.)
(Let me think.)
- "Me?" - That was funny.
- When? - It sounds strange.
Since when did you live there?
- Since I was in 8th grade. - I've lived there since 1981.
Does it make you my senior?
You're colleagues.
Say hello to your senior.
He didn't live there longer than you.
You lived there for a long time.
As you mentioned, Sung Hee...
- is talented in many ways. - Right.
It's easy to tell, isn't it?
- Let's stop here. - Okay.
(He moves on.)
That was great.
- That was good. - Did you see Sung Hee?
She said, "Thank you."
You did it.
- It was enough. - We saw her.
Next is Se Jeong of Gugudan.
Hello.
You finally made a comeback with "Chococo".
Right?
- We should look at "Chococo". - Of course.
- That's right. - Please sing "Chococo".
(Hopping)
(Her face is expressionless.)
(She changes completely.)
(She remains expressionless.)
(Then she smiles profusely to promote her album.)
Wait, hold on.
(Though the music stopped, she doesn't stop smiling.)
- What was that? - It was too much.
- It was mechanical. - She should be somewhat shy.
- I thought she was a robot. - You should act shyly.
- What was that? - You startled me.
She should take more time,
but she instantly moved like this.
She started immediately.
- Can you do it again, Se Jeong? - Yes.
Please do it again.
- It'll be the same. - Really?
- Of course. - It will be different.
We talked about it.
She's like a machine.
(She transforms into a public relations robot.)
Look at her facial expression.
Her facial expression is the same.
(It's a perfect public relations robot.)
- Look at her. - My goodness.
(They're impressed.)
- She's like a machine. - She's impressive.
She's exactly the same.
(She continues to promote her album.)
It doesn't matter what happens around her.
- You're right. - Let's see.
- This is how it starts. - 1, 2, 3, 4.
- Chococo - Chococo
She turns her hands a lot.
(They start the race.)
With Running Airline's inheritance on the line,
the race is called Crisis of the Family, Return of Heiress.
(Return of Heiress)
I'll take it.
It's mine.
The male members' rank is determined from 1st to 6th.
When the female members pair up with the male members,
their ranks will be the same as their partners'.
Okay.
They should choose carefully.
It'll be good to be my partner.
At the end of the final race,
the surviving couple with the highest rank wins.
You'll receive a huge amount of inheritance from the chairman.
By the way,
Kwon Ryeol...
- is professional after all. - Why?
(What makes him professional?)
Other directors shoot while standing behind or next to the camera.
This is what Kwon Ryeol does.
(As a professional, he's very relaxed.)
He's acting like an audience.
- He's one of the viewers. - He's part of the audience.
Why are you grabbing the camera?
(He suddenly becomes serious.)
Now, he's starting to work.
One of the female members...
is the chairman's long-lost, youngest daughter.
(Is one of them the chairman's long-lost daughter?)
At the final race, regardless of her rank,
the youngest daughter may eliminate any of her brothers.
She may eliminate her brothers.
If she's the final heir's partner and keeps her identity a secret,
she'll be the only winner.
We can be partners with the youngest daughter.
Those who lose will be penalized with...
- a humiliating airport fashion. - Airport fashion?
How can that be a penalty?
No, what's that?
Do we have to wear that at the airport?
Don't these belong to Kyung Mi?
(Airport outfit for celebrities)
(The bright, natural colors make celebrities stand out.)
(Unique materials make a statement of their own.)
These outfits would make you look big.
- This is the best. - It is.
- We're choosing one. - Don't you know?
- It's... - This is the best.
better to wear something that completely stands out.
Otherwise, people think that's your real sense of fashion.
- Do you know what I mean? - Yes.
It's better to stand out completely.
Hints about your partner's rank and the youngest daughter...
will be given during missions. Please do your best.
Let's pair up.
Here's how.
You'll choose your partner in an instant.
It's called Love That Transcends a Wall.
(Love That Transcends a Wall)
- A wall? - A wall.
There must be a wall.
Male and female members will stand in a line...
with a wall between them.
When the music plays, the first person in each line will dance.
They'll see who their partner is.
When the whistle blows, you must choose either left, right, or up...
and stick out your face.
If you choose the same direction, you become partners.
If not, the two will go to the back of the line.
They'll try again.
It's until you get paired up.
Determine the order,
and stand in a line.
(Shall I go first?)
- Good. - How shall we stand?
- Stand wherever you want. - They can't know.
We can stand wherever we want.
- Right. - Let's stand wherever we want.
(The order is random.)
Listen, everyone.
This might be helpful.
(Ji Hyo is behind the wall.)
(He's startled.)
Why did you look?
I was startled. She looked scary.
You can't look.
Did you decide the order already?
- We didn't yet. - You didn't?
(They're still worried.)
Let me tell you just in case.
(Kwang Soo, be the 1st player.)
It's a dud from the start.
What do you mean? The order will change.
We didn't decide the order yet.
- Right? - Right.
Go, Haha.
(Haha is the 1st player.)
Come here.
- Stand in the back. - Really?
We don't know who it will be.
Let's go.
(His groove is good enough to seduce women.)
(Darn it.)
(Ji Hyo is right behind his back.)
Act excited.
Be excited.
(He knew something bad was coming.)
Be excited. Smile more.
(It's a horror groove.)
- Stand behind the wall. - You may not be paired up.
You may not be paired up.
You never know.
1, 2.
Left, right, or up.
(Don't move to my right.)
(He wanted to be partners with a guest.)
Let's go. Let's celebrate.
(As they say goodbye to Ji Hyo, they celebrate.)
Didn't she move a little late?
Isn't it problematic?
It's because I chose you.
(It's because I chose you.)
- Come here. - Why?
Ji Hyo and Haha are partners.
I don't want to play.
It's Seventeen.
(He feels very nice today.)
Nice.
(He returns to his place as if nothing happened.)
(They don't care about each other, but they meet again.)
(You can't go anywhere.)
Are you angry?
(Accept the reality.)
Go out.
(They don't care anymore.)
Kwang Soo is funny.
It's Kwang Soo.
This is funny.
Now.
- Go behind the wall. - Go.
Most people choose the right.
(Will they be partners again?)
(We can't be partners.)
(He stands on tiptoe to avoid being her partner.)
- They aren't partners. Who's next? - They aren't?
(His defense was successful.)
It's "Go Go".
(Sung Hee is in front of the line.)
It's not bad.
(The next player isn't bad.)
(Full of expectations)
(My goodness)
(Her mood changes...)
(after she sees what's behind the wall.)
(What do I do now?)
She's blushing.
Goodness, she's blushing.
Look.
(She's flustered.)
(Sighing)
How can she make that face in front of him?
Come back.
- How could she? - Sung Hee.
You only have one chance.
Move to this side.
Stand behind the wall.
1, 2, 1, 2, 3.
(Please spare me from this situation.)
(Seok Jin looks to his right.)
(Sung Hee is in the air.)
(She jumps with all her might.)
It was simultaneous.
Go back in line.
(Yes, it was a success.)
Don't you like us?
It's not that.
She looks so annoyed.
She bowed even before the music stopped.
(She said goodbye before the music stopped.)
You don't like us?
Next. Wait, and see.
(You humiliated me.)
(Who is Jae Seok's partner?)
- "Likey". - Yu Jae Seok.
(The girl in white, Se Mi)
- It's Se Mi. - Se Mi.
- You're a good dancer. - What?
(Dancing)
Look at Jae Seok.
Hold on.
Stop. I mean...
The song is new,
but his dance is from the "X-Man" days.
(He dances like in the old days.)
- What's that? - Be quiet.
(Shameless)
- What's that? - Se Mi and I were having fun.
- Show us a new dance. - Fine.
- Se Mi, let's do it again. - New dance?
- Do you know this song? - Yes.
- Okay. - "Likey".
(Will Jae Seok pull off this dance?)
I'll copy Twice's dance exactly.
He'll copy their dance.
1, 2, 3, 4.
(The highlights of "Likey" dance)
3, 4.
What's that?
That's just Jae Seok.
That's an old dance.
(It's not like Twice at all.)
- That's your old dance. - When did Twice dance like that?
Twice didn't...
That's your old dance.
(He shows another dance from the old days.)
Decide now.
(Jae Seok is even affecting Se Mi.)
- Good. - Decide now.
We hit it off.
(They hit it off, but will they become a team?)
(Good to see you.)
Nice.
(Jealous)
- Old-fashioned people. - I'm so happy.
- There's an unspoken rule. - I love it.
If you like your partner, you come out here.
It's a rule.
- If you like your partner, here. - If you don't, you jump.
If you don't like your partner, you jump.
You jump.
(It was obvious.)
The cameras are here, so you come out here if you like your partner.
If you don't... Song Yi, you...
It's Sung Hee.
Not Song Yi.
Let's make it, Song Yi.
That's a name of a mushroom.
(She turned into a mushroom.)
It's Sung Hee.
Everyone, you don't have to line up anymore.
Just dance to the music, and decide your partner.
- Okay. - Let's start.
Seok Jin.
If you want to become a couple with someone,
send a signal.
(Sung Hee, come here.)
Sung Hee.
(Turning)
(Sung Hee runs away.)
(Seok Jin chases.)
I feel sorry for him.
(The Chase of Love)
Come back in.
You don't know who would be standing in front of you.
Please lower your head.
1, 2, 3.
Three.
(It's destiny.)
(Tiger Moth Couple)
Nice.
(They wanted to avoid each other.)
(Jae Seok is celebrating.)
Who would be the chairman's daughter?
- So suddenly? - So suddenly?
- That's so random. - Let's have some fun.
- What's with you? - It's not just his daughter.
- The chairman's youngest daughter. - The chairman's daughter...
You shot Sung Hee earlier.
- "Really Really". - You know this dance, right?
You should know.
I'll show you.
(This is the newest dance.)
What's that?
This is the newest dance.
- That's "Macarena". - That's "Macarena".
- Come out. - Where are you?
(I'm here, Se Chan.)
What's going on?
Se Jeong wants to dance with Se Chan.
It's perfect now.
Please go back in.
(I choose you.)
It's so funny.
1, 2, 3.
(Will Se Jeong come out on the right side too?)
(Se Chan and Se Jeong are a team.)
I'm getting scared.
(It's a 50-50 chance now.)
I'm scared.
Sung Hee is facing the biggest crisis since her debut.
- And... - A mission in the mission.
If you go against the flow, you'll be punished.
Please play the music.
(The 50-50 chance matching starts.)
(It's "Chococo".)
It's "Chococo".
Look at Ji Min.
Ji Min is so aggressive.
Sung Hee still has a chance.
Sung Hee is supporting Ji Min.
(Way to go, Ji Min.)
- Let's go back in. - No, wait for the chorus.
(Wait for the chorus.)
Wait for the chorus.
- What? - Is this your song?
- 1, 2, 3, 4. - How do you do it?
(Everyone, dance along.)
(Look cute.)
(They all dance along without knowing why.)
Why are we doing this?
(Jong Kook is dancing along too.)
- Thank you. - Okay.
- You do it like this. - No, it's like this.
No, you have to shake it.
1, 2, 3.
(It's time to decide the teams.)
(Who will be Ji Min's partner? Seok Jin or Jong Kook?)
Three.
(Disappointed)
(The enemies, Jong Kook and Ji Min, become a team.)
Sung Hee.
(Seok Jin and Sung Hee become a team.)
- Let's do this. - All right.
Jong Kook and Ji Min.
Seok Jin and Sung Hee.
You never know.
- Give me another chance. - No.
- You don't know yet. - You didn't lose.
(Couples)
- I'm so honored. - Really.
- Not everyone gets to be here. - No.
Those are real runways.
(The airport apron is where planes are parked between flights.)
(The next mission will be carried out here.)
When will we get to be here again?
I'd love to run to the other side.
- Like crazy. - Yes, like crazy.
(What mission will they carry out?)
It looks amazing.
The first couple mission is Talent Bingo.
(Talent Bingo)
I see runways.
You just play a little game with your partner...
and go home.
- That's it. - We're cool.
A moment ago, Kwang Soo told...
Sung Hee he wanted to become friends with her.
(Kwang Soo wants to become friends with her.)
- My goodness. - It's his way of living.
Take care of So Min.
Take care of me.
(Hurt)
So Min, I'm sorry,
but don't act like his girlfriend.
(Don't act like Kwang Soo's girlfriend.)
They look like newly-weds.
You were like...
(She looked hurt.)
- You're not his girlfriend. - Me?
I was just looking at that sketchbook.
I was so surprised.
(While Kwang Soo and So Min are bickering...)
By the way, I'm a bit hurt.
I'm wearing mine on my neck, but she has it around her ankle.
(Seok Jin is wearing it around his neck but not her.)
- This is not a sauna. - She's hiding it.
Why would you wear it around your ankle?
You can't see it.
Weren't you supposed to discuss it with me?
She doesn't want to be a team with you.
I don't think she put it around her ankle from the beginning.
She probably saw Seok Jin and thought, "Gosh, I hate him."
(And then she put it around her ankle.)
(That's not true.)
She didn't want it to show.
I've been observing her, and she's not easy.
Let's start the first couple mission.
We asked our guests what talents they have.
Their answers are written on the papers on the table.
If you preserve your talent, you'll get one sticker.
If you take someone else's talent away, you'll get two stickers.
The first team who completes a row will win.
The winners can find out both the rank of a chosen member...
and a hint about the youngest daughter.
(The rank of a chosen member and a hint about the daughter)
The team who finishes 2nd can choose between the 2.
- Okay. - Okay.
(The team who finishes 2nd will get one of the 2 rewards.)
All right. Sung Hee,
- please choose one. - Choose one.
(Sung Hee chooses the first talent.)
What is it?
(What is the first talent?)
- Who is it? - Double unders?
- It must be Ji Hyo. - What's double unders?
- Jumping rope. - Jumping rope.
Whose talent is it?
Me.
(It's your partner's, Jae Seok.)
- Really? - Really?
(Double unders)
- How many can you do? - In a row?
I'm not sure. I haven't done it in a while.
- Okay. - When was the last time?
- Sorry? - When did you do it last?
It was last year.
- Last year? - That's a problem.
(Last year)
It's fun.
My goodness.
- Everyone. - What should I do?
(Will Se Mi prove her talent?)
Practice first, Se Mi.
(Se Mi starts practicing.)
She's good. There you go.
Se Mi.
You're good. That's enough.
(It's not bad, right?)
You're good.
Wasn't that just a single under?
They were double unders.
Look at this.
(They were double unders.)
- It was double unders. - No.
It was one and a half.
Hold on.
How do you do one and a half?
(Explain how you do one and a half.)
- What? - How do you do it?
So this is one under.
How would you do one and a half?
(Please elaborate.)
My gosh, you're inquisitive.
(He's frustrated.)
- I'm older than you. - Wait.
- Does such technique exists? - Jong Kook is right on that.
How can someone do one and a half under?
(Seok Jin keeps his silence.)
I'm serious.
- It's either single or double. - Hey.
- I guess there's no such thing. - You bet there isn't.
- Try it. - Show us.
This is the double under my partner will try.
- Observe. - Let's go.
- She's going to do it, right? - This is going to count.
- Take your time. Do it one by one. - Start.
That was one.
- Start. - That was one.
She's good. She's great.
She is indeed.
9, 10.
How can we beat her? She's amazing at it.
- She's unbelievable. - She's fantastic.
- She's too good. - I'm about to pass out.
- 21, 22, 23, 24, - Se Mi.
- 25, 25, 27... - I can't do it anymore.
- That's enough! - That was excellent.
(She stops.)
Well done!
You're amazing!
You were so good.
- You were really good. - That was great.
(Se Mi's rope jump skill is amazing.)
She's too good at it.
Anyone who wants to challenge her for the double unders, go ahead.
If there's no one, we'll take the sticker right away.
(Jae Seok is rubbing it in.)
(Go, Kwang Soo! She pushes him forward.)
I will challenge her!
All right.
He's too tall to use the same rope.
- He should use a different rope. - It's over there.
No, you must use the same rope.
(Jae Seok firmly insists.)
- There's a longer one. - You must use this one.
- How could I do it with this? - There's one official rope.
I'm over 190cm. How can I jump rope with this?
You're not making any sense.
You should've listened to me before challenging her.
- Sorry? - You must use the same rope.
- She pushed me! - Wait.
(I'm sorry, Kwang Soo.)
You must use the same rope.
(In the end, he's going to try with the same jump rope.)
The rope doesn't even reach the ground. How can I do this?
(Look at this!)
- Work that out on your own. - It must be longer than 2m.
- What? - Look at that. It hits the ground.
(This is how it's supposed to be, right?)
You may declare your challenge.
You're not going to cheer for him, are you?
Let's do this! Kwang Soo, you can do this. Show them what you got!
You didn't mean any of that.
(You didn't mean any of that.)
- Let it go. She's a hassle for me. - Really?
(They have a love-hate relationship.)
- Show them your skill! - She annoys him.
Go for it, Kwang Soo! Show them!
(She kneels down to sincerely cheer for him.)
- What will he show? - Why are you kneeling down?
Why would you kneel down?
- I don't understand you. - What are you doing?
Okay! I'll show you what I've got!
(Kwang Soo kneels down too.)
- Show us! - How can they kneel so easily?
I'll jump for you!
(This is for you, So Min!)
- Is he her love interest? - No, no.
- He's not, right? - Let me clarify.
- He's not her love interest. - I'm getting tired of this.
They're just acting silly.
(Jae Seok defines the line.)
- She's just my friend. - They're just playing.
They have zero interest in each other.
All right.
- You're going to start now. - I need to continue, right?
Kwang Soo, look ahead of you.
Don't look at the rope. Gaze afar.
- Get ready. Start. - Go.
- Gaze afar. Don't look at the rope. - Se Mi did 26.
Get into rhythm. That's it.
(The rope is short for him. Can he pull this off?)
No, no, no. Don't do it yet. It's not time.
(He starts to jump rope in order to warm up.)
(However, he's slapped by the rope.)
- Kwang Soo, are you okay? - My gosh.
(When he tried to do a double under, the rope hit his neck.)
I told you it wasn't time yet!
- I told you not to try yet. - Are you okay?
(Kwang Soo is completely humiliated.)
- I told you it wasn't time yet. - Poor Kwang Soo.
- The rope was too short. - Hold it in.
How could the rope slap your neck out of all the places?
The jump rope was too short for me!
- It was too short for Kwang Soo. - Besides,
it's not easy to do a double under.
- Haha will challenge next. - Great.
- You do it. That was sudden. - Come on. Just go, and do it.
- I can't... - Man up, and do it.
- I can't even do a single one. - Go try it.
Haha, you don't need to adjust the length.
(You and Kwang Soo are different.)
You got it. Nice.
The length is perfect for Haha.
The length...
- How can it be so perfect? - It's perfect.
The length is perfect for you.
(Do you want to see me walk while I do jump ropes?)
That's it.
- Isn't it too long for you? - It's great.
- It might be too long for you. - Let me adjust it for you.
- It seems long for you. - This is hilarious.
Grab the rope tighter.
(Look. It's not long.)
Haha, you can do this, right?
(Haha is done warming up and tries the challenge.)
All right. I'm going to start now.
(I'm not ready yet.)
- He's going to try now. - Here I go.
(This time, he's really going to try.)
Here I go.
- No, no. Not yet. - Haha, do it now.
- I'm going to do it now. - You're out of energy now.
No, Haha. You're not ready yet.
- It's not time yet. - He's losing all of his energy.
Now! Do it now!
- Haha, do it now. It's time! - It's time!
(The rope gets stuck,)
- Now! Do it now! - Haha, do it now.
(Are they trying to fail on purpose?)
Are you an idiot?
Are you a fool?
Haha, you lost all of your energy.
I've never tried this in my life.
If no one is going to challenge, we'll move on now.
- Let me try. - Okay!
(It seems doable. Let me try.)
- Sung Hee. - Sung Hee.
(Let me put my hair up first.)
She's going to tie her hair.
Isn't that interesting?
She could have tied her hair first and gone out. Right?
She wants to show us what she's got.
(It shows how determined she is.)
Jae Seok, you have good eyes.
My gosh, that was awesome. You're good.
- Can I practice? - You get one practice.
We'll let you practice just once.
I think she'll be good.
- I think she'll be good. - She is.
She can jump lightly.
(After doing a few jumps, she does double unders.)
(Sung Hee shows them the perfect double unders.)
But 26 are too many for me to do.
I'm betting my money on her.
I'll bet my whole savings on her!
- Sung Hee. - We might have to try it again.
What are you doing? I was giving her a high-five.
- She's good. - Nice.
Her jumps are light.
(Let me tie my hair one more time before I begin.)
All right. Tie you hair.
- She's putting up her hair. - She's tying her hair.
- Se Mi, we might have to try again. - Me? Okay.
- Se Mi, get some rest. - Okay.
- We cannot lose. - Okay.
She's so good.
I'll give it a go.
- Challenge. - Challenge.
(She can do jump ropes, but can she do double unders too?)
Two...
(Swishing)
(She can do double unders. Now, it boils down to the number of jumps.)
- 2, 3... - She's good.
- My gosh. - What a bummer.
(Oh, no. The rope gets stuck.)
- What a bummer. - How unfortunate.
- What a bummer. - I lost.
All right. Therefore,
Se Mi and I will get a sticker.
- Se Mi, put it in the middle. - Yes!
- She has my respect on this. - Yes!
- Shall I pick next? - Yes. Let's hurry.
- Yes. - Okay.
We did a lot of this back in the days.
- Oh, my. - Jae Seok.
(No way! He can do double unders like a master.)
How many did you do?
- How many are you up to? - He's so good.
(His skill is incomparable to the others so far.)
How many did you do so far? How many?
(I've been too modest, haven't I?)
- He even looks like a master. - He did 39.
(Swishing)
(Wait, no. That's not what happened.)
He should be on the national team for rope jumping.
(He was pretending to do double unders with broken ropes.)
I almost fell for it. Good job.
I just didn't want you to feel intimated. That's all.
- You're amazing. - Thanks.
You're very considerate, aren't you?
- I'll choose the next one. - Go ahead.
Did he see it?
(It's time to choose the next talent.)
- This is 5 Second Talk. - Ji Hyo's 5 Second Talk.
- It's Ji Hyo's? - What is that?
She's good at this.
That's right. She's good at this game.
(Her best talent is winning in 5 Second Talk.)
I've never thought that this would be my talent.
But our staff members are helping you realize the talents...
that you weren't aware of or might have forgotten about.
When we played this game, Ji Hyo's winning rate was high.
- That's right. - That's why she chose this.
You're right. She beat the members of Girls Generation.
(Give 3 unrelated answers to the question within 5 seconds.)
(Ji Hyo has been ruling the game with nonsense.)
For those who are not familiar with the game,
- Kwang Soo will demonstrate. - Okay.
- Give 3 answers within 5 seconds. - 3 answers?
Start.
Name three books you read recently.
(Name three books you read recently.)
"You and I", "You and Me", and "Us".
Do these count?
(She answers the question without any hesitation.)
- Hold on. Do these count? - Why wouldn't they?
- I love those books. - Do they count?
- That book is great. - "You and I". "You and Me". "Us".
They're really great books.
- Do they exist? - That book moved me.
Hey, what's wrong with "You and I", "You and Me", and "Us"?
But it sounds real.
"You and I" does exist.
(This is unbelievable.)
(After researching, it's confirmed "You and I" does exist.)
There is such a book?
I didn't know Ji Hyo was...
- a reader. - You've been reading.
- It does exist. - "You and Me" exists too.
(This is even more amazing.)
(They are existing books.)
Seriously?
You didn't have to tell us the real titles,
but you ended up giving us titles of real books.
(Ji Hyo has proved her talent in 5 Second Talk.)
Someone from each team should challenge her.
Everyone's welcome to challenge her.
Why don't you start us off, So Min?
I really wanted to see these two competing against each other.
- Ji Hyo speaks without thinking. - Right.
So Min just talks nonsense.
So Min, let's do this.
If we win this one, we'll get two stickers.
(The 1st round is So Min versus Ji Hyo)
You need to ask a bold question to throw her off.
But Ji Hyo isn't easily flustered.
(She's not an easy opponent.)
(So Min will ask first.)
Start.
Name three swear words you know.
Get lost.
(Those were some offensive words.)
- Excuse me. - Get lost!
(Didn't you hear her?)
- How can she curse on camera? - You can censor this later.
You heard her, right?
What did I do wrong? She asked for them.
- You should've gone with easy ones. - I only answered the question.
- Ji Hyo won't hold back anything. - Don't forget to practice.
Even so, those were too offensive.
- She just answered the question. - She was playing the game too.
Good job, Ji Hyo.
- She named three swear words. - Why did you ask about them then?
So Min, think of this as practice.
Ji Hyo, you're up.
- Get ready. - Speak loudly, please.
So Min, pull through.
Start.
Name three swear words that describe your feelings now.
(Hold on.)
(We strive to comply with broadcasting regulations.)
(Shall we take a look at these beautiful giraffes?)
This game needs to air at least.
(I understand this is a game, but it still needs to air.)
We are back to square one. They exchanged swear words.
(The shoot is about to end.)
- I... - Yes?
I realized this again.
I don't want to go anywhere with you two.
- They'll swear so much. - They...
The unedited version should be aired once.
They're so good at swearing.
So Min, please go back.
Who would want to try now?
- No one. - Regardless of the result,
they'd be...
- Se Jeong will try. - Se Jeong.
Se Jeong, go.
Be tough. She's strong.
- Just say anything. - Just say anything.
You can say whatever.
Ready, start.
Name three idol group members you love.
Jee Seok Jin, Yahaha, and Yang Dong Geun.
(Jee Seok Jin, Yahaha, and Yang Dong Geun)
(Who is Yahaha?)
- Yahaha? - Wait.
She means Haha.
- Hold on. - That sounded odd.
- That was weird. - Hold on.
Haha.
- It was Haha. - Haha.
I'll give her...
- another chance. - Okay.
- Good job. - It's...
As you can see, the 5 Second Talk master,
- Ji Hyo, doesn't seem to be... - She's so calm.
She doesn't care...
who wins.
Her mind is blank. That's the attitude you need.
- She's so good. - Ready.
Start.
Name three celebrities you went out with.
Yu Jae Seok, Kang Dong Geun...
(Kang Dong Geun?)
Who's that?
(Is it Kang Dong Won and Yang Dong Geun?)
This is a fatal question to all idol members.
- You're... - You love Yang Dong Geun.
- You seem to love Yang Dong Geun. - Kang Dong Geun.
You were spot on.
If anyone beats her, she will win two stickers.
- Se Jeong failed. - Do you want to try?
- Sung Hee, do you want to try? - Go get them.
Bring me money. Make some money!
Hold on.
- Can you not cheer for her? - What?
You can do it.
- Well... - Bring me money.
It's too inappropriate.
Sung Hee is losing her morale.
(Seok Jin's cheering makes her lose her morale.)
Ready.
You have to succeed.
Don't think too much.
It's okay to help out.
Why aren't you helping me?
(Seok Jin, why aren't you helping me?)
- Deal with it on your own. - I'm struggling.
- Seok Jin... - It's your life.
Seok Jin never helps out.
He just says, "You're doing great."
(He just throws in a few words.)
You have to take care of it on your own.
Be strong. Life is hard.
- Look at her face. You're amazing. - Ready, start.
(Sung Hee attacks.)
Name three actors you wanted to kill.
Kim Jong Kook, Yu Jae Seok, and Lee Kwang Soo.
(Ji Hyo wanted to kill Jong Kook, Jae Seok, and Kwang Soo.)
- Hold on. - She's consistent.
- She should name actors. - No.
She should only say...
- actors' names. - No.
Producer Kim, stop pretending.
- You appeared in "The Producers". - Jong Kook likes it.
- I did. - He likes it.
(He shot a kissing scene with Ye Ji Won.)
- I guess I was an actor. - I didn't know.
You're doing great. It's neck and neck.
Start.
Name three actors you had feelings for.
Jung Il Woo, Kim Jae Joong, and Kim Moo Yul.
(Jung Il Woo, Kim Jae Joong, and Kim Moo Yul)
(She answered without hesitation.)
She answered.
She's not affected by questions like that.
Sung Hee is so good.
Name three Korean proverbs.
(Ji Hyo is weak.)
- Ji Hyo loses. - We win.
- I admit it. - We win!
Yes!
(Sung Hee beats Ji Hyo.)
- She's so strong. - Start.
Name three smelly body parts of yours.
Eyes, nose, and mouth.
She's so good.
(Eyes, nose, and mouth)
(That's so fresh.)
Questions like that can't affect Sung Hee anymore.
Name three math formulas.
3 days and 2 nights.
(Sung Hee is eliminated.)
Math formulas got her.
Se Mi, we win.
(Se Min wins 2 stickers.)
Bingo!
(Jae Seok and Se Mi win.)
- Se Mi, you're amazing. - No, I'm not.
We're the winners.
You can't beat us.
Don't even dream of it.
Let's see who finishes second.
We're so lucky.
We can't do anything about it, can we?
I hate him.
All right.
(The 2nd talent is...)
- Superpowers. - Superpowers.
- It's mine. - Ji Min.
(Superpowers)
- What do you mean by it? - What is it?
Is it super strength?
You can't achieve it by working hard.
You have to be born with it.
Let me put my tongue...
in my nostril.
(Let me put my tongue in my nostril.)
In your nostril? Not the tip of your nose?
I've seen people touch the tip of their nose with their tongue.
But you're putting your tongue inside your nostril?
- I'll start. - Ready.
I don't want to see any stills of it.
1, 2, 3.
(Her tongue...)
(went into her nostril.)
(It's in.)
That's amazing.
It went into her nostril.
It was in.
(By the way,)
(It's a good thing that she succeeded, but...)
It's incredible.
(Why is it so sad?)
(Race of Heirs was supposed to be...)
(elegant and fancy.)
(Goodbye, elegance.)
(Ji Min sacrificed herself.)
- It went in, right? - It did.
It happened very fast.
It's a hard task for female celebrities.
They wouldn't even admit to it.
(They don't mind trying.)
(What?)
(Do you really want to do this?)
(The pride of Dongduk Women's University)
She can do it.
I mean it.
- Stop it. - Seriously.
- Stop it. - Trust me.
He can do it.
(They help each other.)
What are they doing?
(What are those two doing?)
What are you doing?
Do you call this romance?
- It's disgusting. - They held each other's tongues.
- We're a team. - Seriously.
We help each other out.
Don't team up again.
Gosh.
Even if you can't do this one,
is there anything else you can show off?
I can move only one eye.
Show us.
This eye will stay still, and this eye will move.
Hey.
Both eyes are moving.
(Fail)
(You shouldn't do this.)
You do this all the time.
(So Min is trying something.)
What's with your mouth?
- You failed. - I can...
- It doesn't count. - I can move my ears.
She can move her ears.
No one has beaten Ji Min yet.
Start.
(Her forehead moves too.)
Your face moved too.
- I can do it without moving... - You failed.
All right.
(I didn't want to do this.)
Finally!
(Kwang Soo can bend his thumb to the back of his hand.)
It counts.
- That's scary. - I can do it too.
- I can do it too. - Everyone can do it.
Everyone can do it.
(Others can do it too.)
- Everyone can do it. - It's different.
- That doesn't count. - You failed.
It's just that I have never seen it. It's nothing special.
Go back.
I'm the winner.
Sung Hee, can you show us something?
What about you, Se Jeong? Something trivial is okay too.
My finger is missing.
- What? - It's here.
(It's here.)
What's that?
What are you doing?
He's so cute.
(My kids were amazed by it.)
- I have 1 more. - She has 1 more.
- 1 more. - 1 more.
There might be someone who can do it.
If no one can do it, Ji Min will finish second.
I'll be able to do this until I die.
(What is Ji Min's second feat?)
(She can put her leg behind her neck.)
That looks hard.
Girls might be able to do it.
(It doesn't look as hard as the first one.)
Try it.
- She can do it. - She can do it.
Sung Hee can do it.
- Sung Hee can do it. - Please come here.
Sung Hee...
She can do everything.
Scratch your back with your foot.
(Meanwhile...)
- I can't do it. - Just try it.
- Try it. - I can't.
(You can do it.)
(Kwang Soo encourages So Min.)
I can't do it!
Stop it.
Is this romance?
So Min can do it.
Stop it.
- She can do it. - Sung Hee.
- Just put my leg behind my neck? - Sung Hee.
You're almost there.
(So Min fails.)
Sung Hee.
She can do it.
(She succeeds easily.)
Sung Hee should win.
She's even more flexible.
Put your tongue in your nostril with your leg behind your neck.
- Right. - Can you do it?
- Show us. - Show us.
- You have to do it. - You can do it.
If you succeed, you'll win.
You can do it.
You have to do it.
Ready.
(Her leg is behind her neck.)
(She just needs to put her tongue in her nostril.)
Is that a superpower?
(Do we have to go this far?)
(It's in.)
(Ji Min proves her superpower.)
Jong Kook and Ji Min win second place.
Ji Min.
Good job.
Jae Seok and Se Mi can find out...
the rank of a chosen member and a hint about the daughter.
Really?
- The rank of a chosen member? - The rank of a chosen member.
- Say which rank you want to know. - Which rank?
Shouldn't we know about the one we'll eliminate?
- Which rank? - We have to eliminate.
Which rank?
- 3rd. - 3rd.
The couple that's third in rank...
is Jong Kook and Ji Min.
(It's Jong Kook and Ji Min.)
- Look how long her tongue is. - Goodness.
It touches the nose.
We're so unlucky.
(How will they eliminate him?)
Take a look at the hint about the youngest daughter.
(It's given to 1st and 2nd places.)
- Why do we... - Don't look.
Take a look at the hint about the youngest daughter.
(It's given to 1st and 2nd places.)
- Why do we... - Don't look.
(There is an S in the youngest daughter's name.)
It's too general.
It's always general.
We can narrow down the possibilities.
There's only one.
(Ji Min isn't the youngest daughter.)
Let's move onto the next round.
- Let's go now. - Where are we going?
(They move to the next round.)
(Transfer Area Park in Incheon International Airport)
Next mission tests the couples' acting and improvisation skills.
It's called It Hurts Me Too.
(It Hurts Me Too)
It Hurts Me Too.
Couples play one at a time.
The couple reenacts a scene...
that's chosen randomly by the female partner.
Based on the judges' scores,
you'll gain extra time on the final mission.
Within the 30-second time limit plus additional time you gain,
if the female pops all the balloons...
attached on her partner's apron, the mission is cleared.
The couple that finishes within the least amount of time...
will get the hint.
The judges are the female members' managers.
That's great.
Let's do it in order.
The first couple is Jong Kook and Ji Min.
- Yes. - Okay.
This is difficult.
(It's a scene from "Temperature of Love".)
Ready, action.
(It's a kissing scene that makes your heart flutter.)
(I'm not sure if I love you or not.)
(Women don't kiss when you're too honest.)
(Move away if you don't want it.)
(Will Jong Kook and Ji Min reenact such a romantic scene?)
I want to kiss you.
He sounds scary.
Do I have to be responsible?
- They should kiss first. - No.
I won't kiss you if you're too honest.
Women have fantasies.
(Laughing)
Kiss me if you love me.
(Kiss me if you love me.)
Move away if you don't want it.
- They're so cute. - They make my heart flutter.
Come here.
(She moves away.)
She doesn't want it.
She really doesn't want it.
1, 2, 3. What's the score?
(Additional time depends on the score.)
- I bet their score will be high. - Right.
- This. - Is it?
She chooses the one from Ji Min's manager.
- Right. - What's the score?
- It's negative 10. - Negative?
He's Ji Min's manager, but he gave negative 10.
It wasn't bad.
That's right.
You're doing well.
You can do it.
(Be careful.)
(She aims a balloon near a sensitive spot.)
Hey, Ji Min.
Ji Min.
- Goodness. - Are you crazy?
All right.
(They fail to clear the mission.)
Next is Kwang Soo and So Min.
- I can't wait. - I can't wait to see them.
(A scene from "The Heirs")
(Kim Tan confesses his love to Cha Eun Sang in a movie theater.)
(To trust you, I need to know who you are.)
(I have a question for you.)
(Do I...)
(like you?)
(He's in deep sleep.)
(Drooling)
(Their approach is more realistic.)
He woke up.
To trust you...
(He's still sleepy.)
I need to know who you are.
Weren't you asleep?
(What are they doing?)
I met a girl yesterday.
(I met a girl yesterday.)
Her name is Cha Jin Sang.
(It's Cha Jin Sang, not Cha Eun Sang.)
I have a question for Jin Sang.
Do I...
(Do I...)
Like...
you?
(Do I like you?)
Do you like me?
(Her expression of love is R-rated.)
- What? - What are you doing?
What are you two doing?
- What are you doing? - What?
They always finish in a strange way.
- That's not it. - What are you doing?
All we did was reenact the scene.
Tell us. Are you trying to act like lovers?
(Tell us exactly what you're trying to do.)
That's not it.
We should know as your colleagues.
That wasn't our intention.
(It's time to receive their scores.)
What is he doing?
Choose the blue one.
(They choose a blue airplane from So Min's manager.)
It's positive three.
(He gives them a high score.)
Let me check. Here you go.
You have 33 seconds. Ready, set, go.
(She starts to pop the balloons.)
What is she doing?
- You should punch. - She can't do it.
I'm trying.
Wait.
- The last two balloons are... - Look.
(What?)
The last two balloons.
Wait, wait. Pop one now.
Pop one now.
(How can I pop it?)
It's sensitive.
Be careful. It's a sensitive and precious spot.
Seriously.
Why...
(She can't punch properly.)
Why are they there?
(They fail to clear the mission.)
All right.
- By the way... - The balloons are placed...
Since you joined the show,
Running Man became strange.
It became R-rated.
- No way. - It's true.
No way.
With Se Mi, I'll reenact...
this famous scene.
I interpreted Won Bin's part differently.
(The famous line by Won Bin became more popular than the main actor.)
(How much will it be?)
(How much would be enough?)
(How will Jae Seok reinterpret Won Bin's line?)
Hey, you.
(He reenacts it in a funny way.)
- How could you say that? - He startled me.
That's out of the blue.
He reinterprets it.
Look at me.
I'm not a toy that you play with.
(It sounds very different.)
Which language is he speaking?
He sounds like Lee Jung Soo.
"Guess who I am?"
How much will it be? How much would be enough?
(Jae Seok's acting takes away everyone's attention.)
She's about to cry.
- She's focused. - How can she do that right now?
- How much... - What can she say to him?
can you give me?
- He became sad. - She made him sad.
I'm surprised that she became sad.
I need money.
(She tears up.)
- I don't like it. - How much can you give me?
(A tear falls.)
She's crying.
(It's a drop of an actress' tear.)
(How will their funny yet touching acting end?)
I didn't bring much money today.
Se Mi, I didn't mean it that way.
- Give it to me. - I didn't think you'd cry.
I wasn't being serious.
Give me money.
How can you cry in such short time?
- She's amazing. - She's incredible. She cried.
First place team, please come forward...
and ask what place another team is in.
After that, you'll get a hint about the youngest daughter.
Second place team, please.
You want to know the second place team?
The second place team is...
(Who is in 2nd place that threatens the 1st place?)
It's Seok Jin and Sung Hee.
(The 2nd place team is Seok Jin and Sung Hee.)
(I see. Seok Jin was in 2nd.)
Really?
And here's a hint about the youngest daughter.
(The youngest daughter was not born in Seoul.)
(Ji Hyo, Ji Min, So Min, Sung Hee, Se Jeong)
(This hint excludes Se Mi who was born in Seoul.)
This is a difficult hint.
- It is. - All right.
This is incredible.
- Se Chan. - Yes.
Are you the youngest daughter?
No, I'm the third daughter.
I mean from here.
(She wasn't curious about your real family.)
- What is wrong with you? - I thought she asked me...
because she liked me.
This was entirely business-related.
I'm embarrassed for you.
All the hints have been released.
- Here is the final mission. - What is it?
The final mission is a name tag elimination game.
It's called Inheritance by Ranks.
(Inheritance by Ranks)
You have 30 minutes.
You must find the Walkie-talkies of Truth...
to find out about the rank above you and rip their name tags.
However, if you rip the wrong person's name tag,
you'll get eliminated, so please be careful.
- It has to be the immediate rank? - Yes, the rank right above.
What if you're in first place?
If you're in first place, you must run around.
That's bad.
- That's bad. - If you last until the end,
you'll win in 30 minutes.
And the youngest daughter...
can eliminate whomever she wants regardless of the ranks.
Even if one person in the couple survives, the rank remains.
At the end of the race, the couple with the highest rank...
will stand on the platform as potential heirs.
If you stand on the platform with the youngest daughter,
the youngest daughter wins.
If all men are eliminated, the youngest daughter wins as well.
There are envelopes in the airport containing hints about the daughter.
The losing team has to change into humiliating costumes.
Please try your best.
Each couple will move to different starting points.
- Okay. - Who is it?
(Haha and Ji Hyo are in 1st place, Se Chan and Se Jeong are last.)
There's nobody watching, right?
We just have to run away.
We just have to run away and avoid Seok Jin.
- Yes. - It was Seok Jin earlier.
If Seok Jin gets eliminated,
I don't know who the next person is.
Shouldn't we look for the walkie-talkies too then?
Let's meet the fourth place team...
and make them rip the third place.
But as soon as the 4th place eliminates the 3rd,
they can eliminate us.
That's right. They'd rip the third place...
and then second place.
You're smart.
(You're above me.)
(I'm a smart woman.)
You're a smart girl.
(Jong Kook and Ji Min are in 3rd place.)
Please put it in the middle.
(They're a threat to everybody.)
Did you put it on? Let me see.
We have to make sure it doesn't rip.
(He presses it down.)
Gosh, Jong Kook.
(Jae Seok and Se Mi have to rip Jong Kook and Ji Min's name tags.)
This is so unfortunate.
Is it better to rip Jong Kook's name tag...
or be chased by him?
I don't like neither.
(He doesn't know if he can rip Jong Kook's name tag.)
We can't do anything unless we find the walkie-talkies.
No, so we have to find them quickly.
We have to avoid people.
- It's not bad to be in fifth place. - I agree.
I thought 1st and 2nd places were good.
- Sixth place won't go away, right? - No.
- We'll be chased forever. - What should we do?
Who's in sixth place?
Our plan is to...
find the walkie-talkies and rip people's name tags.
We probably won't get eliminated.
We won't get eliminated.
If somebody eliminates us, they're out.
We have to pretend like we're a higher rank.
Right. We have to run around as if we're in first place.
Okay. I got this.
Who do you think the youngest princess is?
She has to run away too.
It's not princess. It's the youngest daughter.
If it's you, I'd be so mad.
- It's not me. - We didn't win once today.
It's really not me.
Don't you think it's Se Jeong?
Let's try to avoid her.
- I think it's Se Jeong. - Why?
She is the youngest anyhow.
- She's been on TV a lot too. - We have to...
We have to take care of her too.
- She's been on TV a lot too. - I just hope it's not you.
- You're not the youngest, right? - I'm not.
I trust you.
- I'm serious. - Today,
don't rip my tag in the middle of the game.
I'm serious, Se Chan.
- Right? - Yes.
(Trust me, Se Chan.)
(Who is the mysterious, youngest daughter?)
- Race starts. - Okay.
Come on.
We have to find it.
(They have to find the walkie-talkies for the ranks...)
(and the envelopes that contain hints about the youngest daughter.)
- I'll look. - Okay. We have to look first.
- Right now, - Okay.
people can't rip our name tags yet.
- We don't know the ranks yet. - Right? We don't know.
(If you rip the wrong ranks, you'll be out.)
Let's run away and pretend like we're in first place.
Let's pretend.
Exactly.
- They're not in bathrooms, right? - Probably not.
They're not in bathrooms. They're usually in rooms.
It's Seok Jin.
(Haha and Ji Hyo won the last game and know who's in 2nd place.)
(We have to avoid the 2nd place team.)
No, Seok Jin might not know yet.
He might not know about us.
Let's be careful.
(Don't make it obvious.)
Hey.
(1st and 2nd place teams come across each other.)
Where are you going?
We're looking for walkie-talkies.
- We're looking for walkie-talkies. - We're looking for them.
Okay.
He doesn't know. Seok Jin doesn't know yet.
(Giggling)
The team that's running away...
- is probably in first place. - Let's go that way.
The team that tries to get away is in first place.
- That's right. They're not first. - Right?
They can't be in first place.
(He's totally wrong.)
They were actually looking for walkie-talkies.
- Se Mi. - Yes?
(He finds a hint.)
(It's a hint about the youngest daughter.)
(The youngest daughter's age is an even number.)
(The suspects are Sung Hee, Se Jeong, So Min, and Ji Min.)
It's not Ji Min.
- I think it's Se Jeong. - Right?
So Min told me it's not her.
(This is a secret, but I'll tell you.)
- Do you trust her? - Should I not?
You're too naive.
- It's not true? - What are you doing, Se Mi?
You'll get eliminated near the beginning.
I asked everybody.
- She said it's not her. - Of course.
So Min is like that.
I'll try one over.
(So Min is busy looking for hints.)
Okay, go.
(She claims she's not the youngest daughter.)
(I just need a walkie-talkie or an envelope.)
Hey!
(He finds a walkie-talkie.)
So Min!
He found one.
This is driving me nuts.
- Kwang Soo, you're the best. - Hurry.
- Trust me. - You're so cool.
Should we ask for 6th place or 4th?
(We're in 5th place.)
(They must avoid 6th place and eliminate 4th place.)
The couple in fourth place is...
Jae Seok and Se Mi.
(They find out who's in 4th place.)
(Our target is Jae Seok and Se Mi.)
What is she doing?
Se Mi, what are you doing?
Hey.
- Should we go there? - Who's that?
- Why? - You scared me.
- I'm just joking. - Why?
(He was behind them, so he tried ripping their name tags.)
You have to be careful.
- I'm joking. - Be careful.
- Jae Seok. - Okay.
- Why? - It's Kwang Soo.
(They spot Kwang Soo.)
(5th place team is here to catch 4th place.)
Let's get on the elevator first.
Did you find any hints about the bad girl?
- What? - Hints about the bad girl.
Bad girl? Who's that? The youngest daughter?
- There's Se Mi... - Why are you coming in?
- Why are you coming in? - What are you doing?
- What? - Hold on.
We have something to discuss.
(Let's rip 4th place.)
Let's talk first.
What? What are you doing?
- I'll help you, Jae Seok. - Please.
(The higher ranks panic over Kwang Soo's surprise attack.)
He's in sixth place.
Let go.
(He's about to get eliminated.)
Get out, Se Mi.
- I have to get out? - Get out, Se Mi.
Get out. Go.
No.
Get out, Se Mi.
My goodness.
We ripped it.
(Jae Seok, who's in 4th place, is out.)
What now? He's out.
I'm so mad.
(Please take care of the rest, Se Mi.)
We have to find Se Mi.
- Third place? - Se Mi.
- Se Mi. - You don't know who she is, right?
- Is she in 3rd place? - 1 of our guests is Se Mi.
- She was the one who was crying. - I thought...
you were talking about third place.
- Lim Se Mi is her name. - I know who Se Mi is.
They're there. Come.
They're there.
Do you know who's in third place?
- Do you know who's in second? - I don't know.
(Let's run away first.)
So Min.
Two.
(They're looking for the right time.)
Three.
(It's time to hunt.)
- You looking for walkie-talkies? - Yes.
Why are they following us?
You have to help me.
You have to help me, Kwang Soo.
(Dashing)
(Kwang Soo runs away, and So Min gets caught.)
(What is So Min's identity?)
(Her name was included in all the hints.)
(The youngest daughter was not born in Seoul.)
(The youngest daughter's age is an even number.)
(If she's the youngest daughter, there must be a mark.)
- Rip it. - You can't leave.
My gosh.
(Ripping)
(So Min is out.)
Kwang Soo, you jerk.
(She's not the youngest daughter?)
(Panting)
Hold on.
Good job.
So Min is out. Wait.
Who eliminated her, Kwang Soo?
- Se Chan. - I see.
You're so cheap. You survived?
(Did you survive by yourself?)
(Smiling)
(It's Se Chan.)
Wait.
- Rip it. - Wait.
Okay.
(He's a rat in a trap.)
Listen to me.
- I can't rip your name tag. - I'm going to wear the costume.
- I... - But...
- What? - Listen to me.
There's no time for this.
(Slapping)
- What? - I told you to listen to me.
- Come here. - Let's go.
Come.
Come in. I'm so happy.
I'm so happy now.
(Come on, Se Chan.)
Look at you.
Fifth place is out.
(Kwang Soo and So Min are out.)
Let's find some walkie-talkies. Where are they?
We survived until now. The war has begun, Sung Hee.
Let's just...
Who's that?
(She's anxious because she survived on her own.)
It's Se Mi.
Isn't that Se Mi?
(Se Chan and Se Jeong find their next target.)
That couple has nothing to do with me.
- Did you find any hints? - What?
- Nothing. - Let me tell you something.
- You have to watch out for... - Where is he?
- Jong Kook. - Where is he?
- You have to watch out for him. - What?
- But why... - No.
(Grabbing)
- No, no. - Why?
It's not me.
Jae Seok, no!
(Ripping)
(Se Mi is out.)
Thank you.
I'm done.
I'm done for.
Those liars.
(Jae Seok, Se Mi, Kwang Soo, and So Min are out.)
Have you seen Jong Kook? Where is he?
(Se Chan and Se Jeong got a hint on the 3rd place couple.)
The envelope.
- I get so lucky with you. - Exactly.
Necklace and ring. Have you seen anybody with this?
(The hint is about jewelries.)
(Necklace, bracelet, and ankle bracelet shaped like airplanes)
Have you seen anybody with this?
Who is it?
(I know.)
She tied the scarf here.
(She tied the scarf here.)
(The person with a scarf around their ankle...)
The person who cursed... I mean...
- Sung Hee? Is it her? - Yes.
I tied it here, but she tied it around her ankle.
She doesn't want to be on the same team as you.
(Unlike her partner, Seok Jin, she tied it around her ankle.)
You hid it perfectly.
(Is Sung Hee really the youngest daughter?)
That's why she tied it here.
- To hide it? - Yes.
Sixth place...
is fifth place now, and they...
- The scariest thing is... - Okay!
(He finds a hint about the youngest daughter.)
Okay!
I found it. Seok Jin.
You found it.
(Let me see.)
(The youngest daughter is in her 20s.)
(The suspects are Sung Hee and Se Jeong.)
(Turning)
It's not me.
- It's really not me. - Sung Hee.
Sung Hee, it's you.
Why? Because it didn't have Se Jeong's name earlier?
(He found a hint earlier.)
(If you combine the hints, it has to be Sung Hee.)
- It's you. - It's not, Seok Jin.
- Sung Hee. - Fine, it's me.
Don't rip mine.
Let's make a deal. Okay. Then...
Look at her. You startled me.
(You know my identity now.)
(Her name was included...)
(in all the hints.)
(She was hiding her identity...)
(just like she was hiding the ankle bracelet.)
(Sung Hee is the youngest daughter.)
- Then... - You're the only one with both.
Seok Jin.
- I won't do it. - Don't rip my name tag.
It's not beneficial for me to be alone.
Exactly. You won't do it, right?
Seok Jin, the third place is important to us.
- It is. - Right.
You should rip their name tags.
(These two couples are are in confrontation.)
Why are you here?
Somebody has to rip theirs.
- Right? - Yes.
(They're all gathered there.)
- Sixth place has to... - They're there.
- That's true. - Haha.
I think Seok Jin knows that we're in first place.
- Really? - We have to get away.
Let's get away.
(They retreat.)
All of a sudden?
- Why? Who are they after? - Let's get them.
(Let's get them, Sung Hee.)
(The youngest daughter is on her way.)
I think it's her.
- They went that way. - Did she get them?
Why are you running away?
- Hey. - Why are they leaving?
Jong Kook is in third place. They might be after us.
(Haha and Ji Hyo are running away. Is Jong Kook in 3rd?)
Hold on. Jong Kook is still alive.
Haha is in first place.
Right. Jong Kook can't rip Haha's.
Seok Jin was next to Jong Kook and Haha.
- Seok Jin is in second place. - Right.
Haha is in first place.
Let's tell them we're in first place.
(Let's tell Jong Kook we're in first place.)
- What? - He'll be relieved.
- That's right. - Right.
Tell me what that was about.
- What? - Tell me what the situation was.
(He's not an easy opponent.)
You're suspicious of us, so we'll stay here.
What?
The situation?
The nursing room doesn't suit you.
(The nursing room doesn't suit you.)
(He's illegally occupying it.)
I got kidnapped.
Hold on, Jong Kook.
- What place are you in? - Us?
- This is civil defense. - What?
We're one of you.
What place are you in?
There's no point in hiding.
- What place are you in? - Are you in sixth place?
- We're in first place. - Are you sure?
- Touch my hand. - Are you sure about that?
Touch my hand.
Check.
You always check.
Do you have any hints about the youngest daughter?
Let me see your ankle.
- What? - Your ankle. Move your sock.
- The ankle bracelet? - Right.
- It's Sung Hee. - It's her.
- She's wearing the ankle bracelet. - She is.
Let's form an alliance.
Is she the youngest daughter then?
She has to be.
Let's do this. Let's form an alliance.
- Are you in first place? - Yes.
Jong Kook.
- We're on the same side. - We're in third place.
Really? It doesn't matter then.
That's why they were trying to eliminate us.
I see.
The youngest daughter shouldn't win.
She's in second place.
This is good. Let's do this.
I'll let you win.
You look out for Haha and Ji Hyo...
so that we can...
get the name tag of the couple in second place.
Sounds good?
Okay. You have to think fast.
- I should feel sorry for your team. - We're beggars.
You gained an army now. I'll protect you.
(Will Se Chan trick Jong Kook and eliminate the 3rd place team?)
It's too easy to eliminate you guys.
Guys.
- I'm taking care of you. - Thank you.
We don't have much time left.
(They have to find the youngest daughter quickly.)
Jong Kook, there's a mission card.
- Where? - Where?
- There it is. - Here it is.
It's about the youngest daughter.
Three people? It's not me.
- It's Sung Hee, right? - It must be her picture.
It's Sung Hee.
(It's her picture from her teenage days.)
(Is this really Sung Hee?)
Put it in your bag.
One thing I'm sure about is...
the lip shape.
(Se Jeong distracts Jong Kook with the picture.)
The shape is...
(Ripping)
(He ripped Jong Kook's name tag.)
(He eliminates Jong Kook boldly.)
Why did you do that? What?
(Jong Kook was in 3rd place.)
You scared me.
(Sudden change)
(Ji Min is helpless as well.)
I knew it.
You give me goosebumps.
(They got backstabbed by sixth place.)
- What are we supposed to do? - You scared me.
(They take out the 3rd place team.)
Third place team, Jong Kook and Ji Min, are out.
Really?
- Ji Min? - Se Chan ripped everybody's.
Se Chan will win.
There are Seok Jin and Haha left.
(There are only 3 teams left.)
That was awesome. Doesn't this narrow it down?
It does.
(Will Se Chan and Se Jeong turn the table around?)
Se Chan is in sixth place.
- Haha. - They know now.
They know now.
They're there.
We have to eliminate them.
Haha is not in sixth place.
He's in 1st place. He can't be 6th. Hurry.
He's there. Come.
- I think they're in sixth place. - Right.
(Who will be the ultimate winner?)
Who's the youngest daughter?
From my first hint, Ji Min was excluded.
That's right.
From the second hint, it was either So Min or Se Jeong.
- That's right. - We didn't have Se Jeong.
- From your hint, - Se Jeong wasn't there.
Se Jeong isn't there. Who is it then?
Put our hints together.
(If you exclude Se Jeong from So Min and Se Jeong, who is it?)
Is it you?
It's not me.
(When So Min was eliminated earlier)
Kwang Soo is so mean.
(She didn't have the red writing that said she's youngest daughter.)
(But the hints with So Min's name don't have Sung Hee on them.)
(Some hints include Sung Hee and some don't. What do they mean?)
(Each hint has different number of airplanes on them.)
If So Min says it's not her,
that means the heir... Or the youngest daughter is...
is not just one person.
(The youngest daughter is not one person?)
(There's another youngest daughter besides Sung Hee?)
Rip Seok Jin's name tag. He's there.
- Let's rip his name tag... - Yes.
What's this?
(Ripping)
(Se Jeong rips Se Chan's name tag.)
Thank you.
We don't need to be together anymore.
(The fact that Se Jeong can rip a team member's name tag means...)
(she is also the youngest daughter.)
(Sung Hee and Se Jeong are twins who were separated.)
(The two youngest daughters already know about each other.)
- I think it's Se Jeong. - Why?
She is the youngest member.
(Sung Hee framed Se Jeong,)
(and Se Jeong framed Sung Hee.)
(They made others think there was only one youngest daughter.)
(The youngest daughters' survival method is chilling.)
Who are you?
- Go. - Are you the youngest daughter?
- Hurry up, and go. - Tell me.
Tell the others that Jong Kook ripped your name tag.
Bye. Bye.
Does that mean there are triplets?
(Triplets?)
(The two teams found a hint earlier.)
- It's Sung Hee, right? - It must be her picture.
(It was a picture of the triplets.)
(The triplets are...)
(Sung Hee, Se Jeong,)
This is the prison.
(and...)
What was that?
(Ripping)
(Ji Hyo, are you one of them?)
Haha.
I am sorry, Haha.
(Are you surprised?)
I will give you half if I receive the inheritance.
(The youngest daughters the chairman lost...)
(were triplets, Se Jeong, Sung Hee, and Ji Hyo.)
(The necklace, bracelet, and anklet symbolize the triplets.)
(The number of paper airplanes signify each daughter.)
(The 3 airplanes in the banners symbolize the triplets.)
(The crucial evidence is...)
(the picture of the triplets.)
You are the triplets the chairman lost.
We are a team.
We don't have to betray each other until the end, right?
Thank goodness. Thank you.
(That's how the triplets' drama unfolded.)
(Now, the man in first place, Haha, is out.)
(That means...)
(their only hope is Seok Jin.)
(The brothers win if Seok Jin holds out for a minute.)
Where is Haha?
Haha.
(Seok Jin is still looking for Haha.)
(He only needs to wander for another 40 seconds.)
Hey.
What happened?
(The first place, Haha, is out.)
Are you out? By whom?
Me.
(Scary)
Hey!
Rip her name tag. I was wrong.
(My goodness.)
(Both of them were daughters.)
You fool!
Rip his name tag.
What are you doing?
(Ripping)
(The last son, Seok Jin, is out.)
I was used.
- Ji Hyo. - I was used.
You are on the same side.
We won.
I need to talk to the others.
Se Jeong, I am about to cry.
I am about to cry.
(I had a beautiful dream.)
(She takes off her scarf.)
What is that?
(The necklace, symbol of the triplets, appears.)
It's the symbol.
(That's the hint I saw earlier.)
(The triplets win...)
(by hiding their necklace, bracelet, and anklet perfectly.)
We will reveal the final result...
of Crisis of the Family, Return of Heiress.
Congratulations. The final heiresses are...
the youngest daughters, Ji Hyo, Sung Hee, and Se Jeong.
(The final heiresses are Ji Hyo, Sung Hee, and Se Jeong.)
I had no idea they were triplets.
Come to think of it, we're all a family.
(Ji Hyo, Sung Hee, and Se Jeong get gold airplane badges.)
They're badges.
- It's gold. - Really?
The youngest daughters will discuss among themselves...
and choose three people who will wear humiliating costumes.
- 3 people? - 3 people?
(These airport costumes are completely ridiculous.)
(3 people are fated to roam the airport in them.)
(The youngest daughters hold their fates.)
- We have decided. - Okay.
We played rock-paper-scissors.
I lost.
(Confident)
- What does that mean? - That means...
you will have to wear it.
- Haha. - Since Ji Hyo lost,
Haha will wear the costume.
I can't believe you.
We decided to exempt these two girls' partners.
- Why would you do that? - Okay!
We played rock-paper-scissors to be fair.
That means one of us will be exempt.
(Jong Kook, Jae Seok, and Kwang Soo remain.)
Let's play rock-paper-scissors.
Let's play rock-paper-scissors. Rock-paper-scissors
- Yes! - I lost.
Good luck.
Only one person will be exempt.
My goodness. In that case,
let's have the loser wear this outfit.
- Which one? - The loser wears this outfit.
It will look good on Kwang Soo.
- We have one round, right? - Yes.
While they look like penalty costumes,
this one doesn't.
It will make one look like he tried his best to look cool.
This would be the worst.
(Who is fated to wear the sparkling costume?)
Seriously.
- Rock-paper-scissors - Rock-paper-scissors
(Kwang Soo is chosen.)
(He is familiar with this kind of outfits.)
- My goodness. - I feel bad for him.
- Will you be okay? - My goodness.
(It's time to see the runway at the airport.)
(Terminal 1 and Terminal 2)
People at the airport will go into a frenzy.
(They arrive at the airport.)
(Laughing)
- It looks like Kwang Soo owns it. - I knew it.
- It looks like Kwang Soo owns it. - Look at Haha.
Jong Kook and Haha look fine.
Look at Kwang Soo.
It looks like Kwang Soo is wearing his own clothes.
I know.
It looks like he is wearing his unique clothes.
It will be a popular look in Japan.
Aren't you wearing...
your own clothes?
You look like you dressed up.
People are just disgruntled to see us.
This is embarrassing.
Let's stay together.
I need to stay with you guys.
- This is embarrassing. - Isn't this enough?
This is a penalty.
Kwang Soo, why did you dress yourself that way?
(The departure...)
(is hard from the start.)
(Next week,)
(the penalty for Half and Half Tour will begin.)
(Kwang Soo and Jae Seok go to Cage of Death.)
(They waited a long time.)
(Se Chan and Haha go to Nevis Swing.)
(Unprecedented)
(Unbelievable)
(The realness shocks the members with 7 years of experience.)
(More shocking,)
(daring,)
(and fierce)
(It's the best penalty.)
Ask them if anyone has fainted doing this.